The app needs to allow users to login and create an account, saving the user's into a database. The application needs to hold a 
a database shell and display that database’s information on a user’s screen using a grid. This application specifically is to hold inventory for a warehouse. This application allows users to open up their inventory, and implement crud, thus creating, reading, update, or delete items in their inventory. I do plan for this app to be for a homeless ministry where they are able to keep track of the items donated in their garage and then update their inventory as items are used. There are a total of four pages: Login, Create Login, Inventory, and Create Inventory. The first page that pulls up is for Login, and if the user has never created a login before, they will need to go to the create account page. Then once the user logins to the application, they will see the inventory with an add button to add a new item, when this button is clicked, the last page will appear, Create Inventory. The UI design was made to be very minimilistc and simple, due to those utilizing the application. It is made to be an efficient way to keep track of their item, as they often get overwhelemed with the amount of items they have, and not knowing what all is in thier stock. 
I started this app by creating the UI features, and keeping this simplicity in mind. Once I got my UI designed, I created a checklist for all of the functionalities that my app needed to implement. From here I took care of my databases, then making sure I could access all of the screens, and all buttons fucntion properly. It was smart to write out all of the rubric's neccessities for the applicaition and then I took this one at a time. I made sure to test in the emulator after every rubric section was complete. I would then create my own type of errors that would appear on screen, for example when a text field was empty, or an error message would appear if a username had already been used by another user. I also used logcat to find errors, as well as the inspector, going line by line to make sure the databases would be updated correctly. This would reveal when the tests would fail, when I automated different testing processes. 
Going into this project, I did not have prior knowledge of the Android Studio IDE, or even in UI design, and very little in Java, thus when learning about the final project I was way in over my head. I think taking one step in front of the other, and coming into this project knowing I was going to learn from my challenges excited me. I dealt with multithreading and using the ROOM library to implement DAO's which I never even heard of before. I learned how important reading documentation was in this project as well as getting up and taking a walk. Sometimes the best solution is to take a minute and pause from the project. I had to do alot of outside learning and reading to fully understand how to complete the assignment. 
